Here I stand today, in the face of death, yet I am unfazed, still wondering. What have I done? What have I made? What change have I created? Nothing matters in this dance called life, my voice has no effect on the forces of nature. My life is only a single second in the great timeline of life and death. Yet still, I realize. Everything has an impact, from the smallest breath to the deepest secrets. Everything has a purpose. I have fulfilled mine,

Yet here I stand, spitting in the face of death, thinking aloud. I remember the days gone by. Everything happened so fast, yet all of that was so long ago. Farther than I could reach, forcing me to look forward and obey the march of time. If I could, I would go right back to the beginning and get a fresh start. Make a new life. Money can’t buy that. Money can’t buy happiness, yet it certainly helps. If I could, I’d tell myself, smile more. Laugh more. Enjoy every day like it’s your last. And now, I’m here. At my last hour, at my final minutes. Facing the wall, I see death. Beckoning me to come ever closer. Yet I can’t go. Not yet. I still have to think, so I will wait. I must write it down. Maybe then we can know, from some unseen future people coming to finish my unfinished symphony, yet no. No one will come, and come next decade, no one will remember me.

Yet here I stand, a single speck of dust in the cosmic scale of the universe, boldly facing death. I stare into his eyes, full of sorrow, full of regret. I wonder how many people have died to his hands. I ask him. Was it good? How did it feel, watching as people ticked down to their final hour. Was it fun? Did you enjoy it?

Yet I already knew the answer. He had to endure countless hours of sorrow, enough to fill a lifetime. I stare straight into the eyes of death, and I see sorrow. Remorse, even. But it is too late, both for me and for him. He has already committed everything to his job, and I have run out of time here. I close my eyes and wonder what could have been, with just a few more days.

Yet here I stand, in the face of death, his agony and remorse, and I feel no sorrow. I feel proud of what I have done on what litle time I had. I feel proud of the impact, while minuscule, I have made on this world, on this universe. So I stare death in the eyes, waiting for my time to come.

Staring straight up now, I see what might become. The lives that have come before me, and the lives that will become. The world is ever-changing, and nothing is the same as I remember. Gone, gone, gone are the days of simplicity. We all grow and change to fit the times, what we need, and what they need of us.

Goodbye.

Toggle Dark Mode